---
inFeed: false
hasPage: true
inNav: true
inLanguage: null
keywords: []
description: >-
  Dr Richard Huysmans specialises in connecting academic organisations (e.g.
  universities and research institutes) to corporations (including government,
  healthcare, not-for-profits and for-profits).
datePublished: '2016-06-15T00:26:00.785Z'
dateModified: '2016-06-15T00:25:51.583Z'
title: ''
author: []
sourcePath: _posts/2016-06-14-training.md
authors: []
publisher: null
starred: false
url: training/index.html
_type: WebPage

---
Dr Richard Huysmans specialises in connecting academic organisations (e.g. universities and research institutes) to corporations (including government, healthcare, not-for-profits and for-profits).

His training packages cover four broad areas:

1\. Academics seeking to better engage with corporations, with the purpose of adding value to their research and the research of their partners. You might call this_Industry Engagement for Research Translation_.

2\. Corporate researchers seeking to identify experts in their field who might be in academic institutions. Again, the purpose is to add value to the corporate activities as well as those of their academic partners. You might call this_Accessing the Ivory Tower - how to successfully identify, engage and collaborate with universities_.

3\. Using social media as a research dissemination tool, particularly to reach end users outside academia. There is a strong focus on LinkedIn and we call this _LinkedIn for Research Translation_.

4\. Establishing a research culture within an organisation. Mostly this is for corporations with an established R&D arm, but it could be for organisations wanting to make more of the research opportunities that exist. This is a bit of a _how-to _and is called _Establishing a research culture and committee_.

Of course, each of these programs is flexible and although he has an idea of what should be included, Dr Richard works with each client to create a program that suits their needs.